Formulate Learning Plan

1, What is your long-term goal or career pathway? 
At first, joining Dev Academy was my choice to slowly pick up skills and develop a routine for successful and new life changes. To date, it hasn't been slow and there has been a new skill that I haven't even heard about for every hour of Learning Journey. It has been an essential need for me to get away from the act of full-time labor. Although I sometimes really enjoy the aspects of comradery and moving fast in searching for goals in the workplace, there have been moments where I do show some concerns for a better way to reach an option for a work and life balance.

I would like to educate myself to reach to become a business owner. The career pathway would have to be in a space where people can connect with mentors to develop the need to assist within the community with youth development and at-risk youth.
I'm still looking through my own personal strengths and weaknesses to understand when I can be stable and better way to achieve my goals through learning.

A description of your strengths and limitations when it comes to learning.

My current methodical approach to this learning environment has not been as good as I thought it would be. I have been learning more about practical solutions because I am more of a hands-on learner. There have been moments where I do admit to myself that I am too whakama to speak up which is really tricky for me. The pace of learning this digital info is something that questions everything. My skill, the how to’s, remembering how to repeat the task again, just to mention a few. The space I personally feel the most distracted by are my own personal worries. I feel more at ease once I have more clarity for these matters to settle to get ahead to focus on the mahi.

3, What skills (non-technical core/human) would you like to see develop in yourself while at Dev Academy?

This ability to be more punctual with tasking and time management is always been a winning skill in the past. I would to develop a thoughtful approach to be better with my time and learning. Learning basic functions and the application of knowledge to create a really successful project completed would be the bombs.


4, A commitment to how you will manage your workload in this program. This should include:

I am caught in a web of confusion with the instructions on many of the kaupapa. I find that having Korero does help but my confidence in learning to be autonomous is the part is a labyrinth I am needing guidance with. My management with leaving things for a moment and composing myself is something that I have to mention as something I am yet to discover to a satisfactory level of my own personal standard.




5, A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way.

This question gets me in a lot of different ways. At this stage of my learning, I have found that having the mental dexterity to sit and read is definitely within reach within reach of my own goals. At his part is the trick. I believe that I do shy away from seeking help because well, I am simply not accustomed to asking for any help; and realizing this fact in knowing that this habit does not serve me well.


6, A description of what you expect from the Facilitation team.

The only facilitator I have spoken to is our own group facilitator. As this may come strange to some, the way I would like to communicate has been something that I am coming into. I expect to be treated with a degree of patience and develop a proper manner of communication in a way that is acceptable with this brilliant kaupapa and mahi.

7, Any scheduling information such as block-out times when you are committed to other things. For example, you might have whanau commitments like school drop-offs. It’s important to plan these in.

Well, this is a biggie because I'm dealing with a few personal things for my own personal goals, growth, and development. I must find time to schedule just to drop the burden of worry. I have a legal situation that sometimes makes me anxyz about it. I would like to invest more in my health and expand my understanding of financial literacy. Seeking assistance or finding out about these things has made me whakamaa to understand more and plan ahead.

